Document installation on macOS (#699)
tenzir/vast: INSTALLATION.md

### macOS

A current version of VAST can be installed using Homebrew.

> Install VAST from tenzir/tenzir tap (current master):

Reviewer: It's a matter of taste, but I'd make it more clear what gets installed and put the install target first:
```suggestion
Install the *current master* from tenzir/tenzir tap:
```

```sh
brew install --HEAD tenzir/tenzir/vast
```

> Install VAST from tenzir/tenzir tap (current release):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the *latest release* from tenzir/tenzir tap:
```
